Keywords in Java are predefined, reserved words that have specific meanings to the compiler and cannot be used as identifiers (such as variable, method, or class names).
They are fundamental building blocks for the language's syntax and logic. 

As of recent Java versions, there are 52 fully reserved keywords, two of which (const and goto) are unused.
There are also several contextual keywords that have special meaning only in specific situations (e.g., var, yield, record, sealed, and non-sealed).
The values true, false, and null are also reserved, but are technically literals, not keywords. 

    //Complete List of Java Keywords

    abstract 	continue	  for   	    new     	  switch
    assert   	default   	goto        package	    synchronized
    boolean 	do	        if	        private   	this
    break	    double	    implements	protected	  throw
    byte    	else	      import	    public	    throws
    case	    enum	      instanceof	return      transient
    catch   	extends    	int	        short	      try
    char	    final	      interface	  static	    void
    class    	finally    	long	      strictfp	  volatile
    const   	float	      native	    super     	while


// Categories and Use
Java keywords can be grouped by their function in a program: 
Access Modifiers: Control the visibility of classes, methods, and variables (public, private, protected).
Data Types: Define the type of data a variable can hold (boolean, byte, char, short, int, long, float, double).
Control Flow Statements: Manage the order of execution and decision-making (if, else, switch, case, default, while, do, for, break, continue, return).
Exception Handling: Manage errors and exceptional events (try, catch, finally, throw, throws, assert).
Class, Interface & Inheritance: Define the structure and relationships between classes (class, interface, extends, implements, new, super, this, abstract, final).
Modifiers & Miscellaneous: Modify the behavior or properties of declarations (static, final, native, strictfp, synchronized, transient, volatile, enum).
Package Management: Organize classes into packages (package, import). 
